# Muteban for ULX Admin Mod
This addon, an extension to ULX admin mod, heavily expands on the capabilities of the mute and gag commands. Its main features include fixing mute evasion, setting a timer on mutes, permamuting, muting disconnected players, and reporting what admin muted which player.
## Whats the big deal?
The normal mute commands in ULX simply set a flag on the player that says if they are muted or not. This is fine, but has a fundamental flaw: when a player leaves the server, the mute is gone! This is annoying, but another thing that's also really inconvinient is not being able to put a timer on a mute. Server moderators have to remember to unmute people, which is cumbersome and sometimes doesn't happen, frustrating the player. 

But if we can mute for any duration we choose, if we want to mute someone for a huge amount of time like 2 weeks, where's the accountability? If the player says he got muted unfairly, as a server operator, you need to be able to pull up what moderator muted that player, the reason they were muted, and ask them what happened. This is especially true if you wanted to mute someone permanently, if you mute someone forever and in 5 years they join back and start asking why they were muted, you need to be able to investigate.

This probably doesn't sound like a big deal at all if you're fine running your moderation without much care on how you punish rulebreakers, a lot of people are fine just leaving someone muted and not really caring about when or why, and thats okay. But for operators that want enhanced features to their mute commands and simple accountability tools built in so they can keep their moderation straight, but don't want to pay/steal for a slow and complicated MySQL based report system that your players will never use, this addon is for you.
## Features in Depth
